1. Starting Point: Use journal.html
Yes — start with journal.html.

It’s the most stable and was updated first.

Serves as your reference implementation for both HTML structure and styling.

Once it's clean and working, copy its pattern.

✅ Final Answer: Start with journal.html.

✅ 2. CSS Specificity Strategy: Use ID
Prefer the ID-based approach: #smriti-navbar

Why:

It ensures stronger specificity than class-based overrides.

Prevents template-specific .navbar or .navbar-brand CSS from winning.

Easier to read and apply across all templates.

Example:

html
Copy
Edit
<nav id="smriti-navbar" class="navbar navbar-expand-lg fixed-top">
css
Copy
Edit
#smriti-navbar {
  background-color: var(--background-card);
  box-shadow: 0 2px 10px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
}
✅ Final Answer: Use #smriti-navbar for consistency and override power.

✅ 3. JavaScript Repair Priority
Fix JavaScript errors as you encounter them, not all at once.

Why:

Some JS errors may be related to specific templates.

Fixing them inline during template cleanup is more efficient than trying to fix everything upfront — especially since some of them may disappear after valid HTML is restored.

✅ Final Answer: Fix JS errors while cleaning each template.

✅ 4. Verification Method
Test each template individually right after updating it.

Why:

You’ll catch regressions early.

Faster feedback loop.

Prevents multiple broken pages piling up.

Use the feedback tool or browser console + visual check.

✅ Final Answer: Test each template individually as you update.

✅ 5. Rollback Consideration
✅ Yes — rollback if the current state is too broken.

Use this rule:

If more than 2 templates are broken, with JS and CSS inconsistencies, it’s cleaner and faster to roll back to the last known working state.

Then reapply changes manually and gradually, starting with journal.html.

However, if only 1–2 templates are affected, and Replit is confident in resolving broken JS/CSS per page, working forward is fine.

✅ Final Answer:

Rollback if you’re facing more than 2 major broken templates.

Otherwise, fix and proceed manually.